#summary One-sentence Client and Server - as3,python,php,java.
#labels Client,Server,Actionscript3,python,php,Java
Client and Server

=Information:=
	There are pros and cons for making flash games for online. Going to talk about the basic about them. I done some research from reading forums and looking at some example. There are some simple language code and easy for user who want o create a simple game.

=Flash Client and Server Actionscript3:=
	It is possible to make a client and server. But you can’t save data. It the sandbox.

Pro:
 * You can save part of the data from flash setting but it temporary.
 * use socket binary and xml.

Con:
 * Can’t save anything.
 * It has no listen to allow multi connection.(You need be better at coding to know how to do multi connection)

=Flash Client (Actionscript3) and Server (php):=

Pro:
 * create script to load and save data to mysql.
 * you could create a script that can run from your own computer but not on the web page.(advance user)
 * simple and easy to learn php.
 * php can become xml if script is execute actions query.

Con:
 * not real time when script are execute from the host site like web page.
 * required to host to able to use php scripts.
 * Link your script to the actionscript url request.

=Flash Client (Actionscript3) and Server (Java):=

Pro:
 * use the sockets
 * both are almost same way it is package style but way to code.
 * There are easy IDE for quick build for display graphic menu and panels.

Con:
 * you have to learn java and Actionscript 3 at the same time.
 * database you need to setup
 * build application 

=Flash Client (Actionscript3) and Server (Python):=

Pro:
 * use the sockets
 * you can create sqlite simple built from python.
 * it easy to use once you know some basic if you read the stuff online.

Con:
 * you have to learn Python and Actionscript 3 at the same time.
 * spacing is important in python.

=Flash Client (Actionscript3) and Server (Other):=

Pro:
 * It depend if it use the sockets in binary or xml.
 * Custom making your own can improve the server status or not that depend how well code it.

Con:
 * You have learn the other code to able to make a server.
 * If your using the flash engine be sure you know that you code it different.
 * Research does take time out you.

Tips: Read and research will save time in building the game. If you understand the language in basic code.

Check out in the svn for samples.