#summary game play for game mode.
#labels gametype,gamemode,Phase-Design

=Game Modes:=
	There will be different type of game play during the game develop phase. The game plays are depend on the author and the game design to be build on stand alone or multilayer. There are games for earning points in exchange for an item or play for fun.

	There is many ways for real time update that all depend how it is code to reduce bandwidth that deal with the site or server program. There is turn base, point and click move, real time, and etc. Those all depend on game type and how real related to them.  There are different types of game play to talk about but they are different information and how the game is formatted. The game deal with role playing game or massive multilayer online.

Freestyle:
   This will be the default but it will depend on the area and the field. Depend on the game mode that is setup for the map there will be the node for game matches. Nodes like to access a world map or game map to setup a matches for player to enter the areas. Like death match, duel matches. For this freestyle, player can explore different type of maps. Since this will be the early build the games will be build simple part game.

Death Match:
	The game will hold up to 2-32 players. The first person shooter will be use and play in the custom map. The Map will be setup differently once the multi player is build for death match. There will be a launch map icon that will appear for player invite.

Race Mode:
	This wills a simple race mode. There will laps system. This will help build a fun game.

Turn Base Turns:
	-When the player executes the code it does query for every action you do and check if the other player is finish their turn or not.
	-Board games
	-Battle turns
	
Point and Click Move:
	-Player is move to map to map or next scene to the next scene when there is select object is selected or hover over…  
	-When you’re moving around the map by tile by tile that does every query. That deal with anti-hack issues.

Real Time:
	This required more information about how local network is connecting with out looping the code. Not enough information about this one that this required a server to run real time. The commutation between the server programs is need.

RPG Game Play:
 * players vs players
 * players vs monsters
 * guilds vs guilds
 * player vs bots
 * player vs bosses

Space War Game Play:
 * ship combats
 * guilds vs guilds
 * tech builds
 * planet to planet battles